TransferRates (old msr continuous capabilities) (#2358)
openmc-dev/openmc: docs/source/pythonapi/deplete.rst

   helpers.FissionYieldCutoffHelper
   helpers.FluxCollapseHelper

The :class:`openmc.deplete.IndependentOperator` uses inner classes subclassed
from those listed above to perform similar calculations.

> The following classes are used to define Molten Salt Reactor (MSR) capabilities,
> such as nuclides continuous removal or feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following classes are used to define continuous removal or feed rates in molten salt reactors (MSRs)
```

> removal or feed of isotopes during a depletion analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removal or feed of nuclides during depletion.
```

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated
   :nosignatures:
   :template: myclass.rst

>    transfer_rates._TransferRates

Reviewer 2: If a class is truly private (with leading underscore), we wouldn't put it in the documentation. In this case, since the `transfer_rates` property on `Integrator` is accessible by the user, it probably makes sense to not have this class be private.
```suggestion
   transfer_rates.TransferRates
```
